Bistro gentil in beautiful Yountville
California is world famous for its
tomato soup in croute hi I'm chef Jason
Hill and Chef Philippe has generously
shared this recipe with us so we're
gonna make it back home beast crews on
Team Yountville California has been
rated one of the top ten restaurants in
America after eating here I know why the
food is simple yet extraordinary we're
fortunate enough that the restaurant
shares its famous recipe with us whether
you dine at the restaurant or go to
their website now this recipe is not on
the healthy side but sometimes it's fun
to indulge this recipe calls for simple
ingredients that you can find at your
local market from the puff pastry which
you can find in frozen section two fresh
tomatoes if you can't find ripe fresh
tomatoes you can use a canned tomato
product whole Tomatoes about 28 ounce
can also onion it calls for a half a
pound which is about a half of a large a
minute the recipe calls for sliced
onions that we add to our half a cup or
one stick of butter we're gonna stir
these cover for about five minutes we
don't want them to color we just want
them to cook down
now we're gonna core tomatoes and
quarter them
[Music]
this has been about five minutes and
that's what you want you can see the
onions aren't colored they just softened
I'm going to stir in the garlic and then
we're gonna add the tomatoes have a
tomato paste half a tablespoon of pepper
corns teaspoon of dried thyme I like to
break my time up with my fingers as I
add it to recipes a drop in the bay leaf
and let this simmer for 40 minutes on
low while the soup has been simmering
it's giving me time to put together the
next items I'll need for this recipe
I'll need a strainer a blender a spatula
and the heavy cream it's always good to
stay one step ahead while you're
preparing a recipe after 40 minutes
tomatoes onions and garlic are very soft
now this is ready to be pureed I like to
use an immersion blender you can use a
regular liquid blender or a food
processor to puree the soup after
blending for a good minute or two it's
time for the strainer to push the soup
through the strainer you can use a
rubber spatula now I'm going to place
the soup back into the stock pot add the
cream salt and pepper bring to a boil
and then we're gonna chill stir that up
and add
teaspoon of sea salt and a half teaspoon
of white pepper as soon as this comes to
a boil and I turn it off I'm gonna put
it in the bowls and I'm gonna chill it
the recipe says for two hours but I
recommend overnight to get the flavors
to meld okay it's starting to boil it's
time to remove from the heat I almost
forgot the recipe calls for more butter
either a tablespoon or two got about a
tablespoon here I'm gonna add the soup
to the crocks leaving about Oh three
quarters of an inch of space because
when you add the puff pastry to the bowl
you don't want the puff pastry to touch
down into the soup the soup is chilled
it's time to cover it with a sheet of
puff pastry the recipe says you'll need
a little bit more puff pastry to hang
over the bowl so to do this I just lay a
bowl that I'm gonna serve it in over the
puff pastry cut a circle around the bowl
leaving just enough edge to cover the
bowl now that I've cut my thawed puff
pastry I'm gonna mix up my egg wash
which is one egg and one tablespoon of
water brush your egg wash onto one side
of the puff pastry now the egg wash side
down place over your clock and try and
tighten it like a drum and make sure the
puff pastry does not fall down and touch
into the soup now immediately lightly
brush some more egg wash on top of the
puff pastry and we're gonna place this
into a pre heated 450 degree oven for 15
minutes
now remember not to open up your oven
door while this is baking what the puff
pastry is set what an amazing example of
French country cuisine simple delicious
and elegant if you're looking for a
great way to blow your diet I highly
recommend finding this recipe thanks for
tuning in
[Music]